Put the
spices in the剛
Didn't put seasonal
spice
What
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Oh, well, then you should have stayed a little longer.
That's good, good.
Well, it was a painful thing.
Well, but I don't know.
You're like a man with a lot of money.
Where are you going?
Well, this money is for the sake of the man who stole the money that the father became a fortune.
The father said he would come tonight.
So he went without asking.
I was afraid, but I thought it was easy.
I don't think so.
Let's wait a little longer.
Oh, that's right.
I have a lot of money.
I don't think I can go alone.
Oh, I'll tell you.
There is a four-way street that goes straight to the station.
There is a shop there.
You can get on the train.
Thank you very much.
I'm standing up with my shirt on.
I can't think of anything.
I can't speak.
The blue sky is the shadow of the moon.
The moon is the shadow of the moon.
The ice is the same.
The ice is the shadow of the moon.